com/fju/racing/Racing.java
 com.fju.racing.Racing
com/fju/testbetterbox/Box3.java
 com.fju.testbetterbox.Box3
com/fju/testbetterbox/tester.java
 com.fju.testbetterbox.tester
com/fju/testbetterbox/Box6.java
 com.fju.testbetterbox.Box6
com/fju/racing/HorseRunnable.java
 com.fju.racing.HorseRunnable
com/fju/inter/Reporter.java
 com.fju.inter.Reporter
com/fju/racing/Horse.java
 com.fju.racing.Horse
com/fju/cust/SilverCustomer.java
 com.fju.cust.SilverCustomer
com/fju/inter/WeatherReporter.java
 com.fju.inter.WeatherReporter
com/fju/cust/Customer.java
 com.fju.cust.Customer
com/fju/testbetterbox/Box2.java
 com.fju.testbetterbox.Box2
com/fju/box/Box.java
 com.fju.box.Box
com/fju/box/BoxTester.java
 com.fju.box.BoxTester
com/fju/testbetterbox/Box4.java
 com.fju.testbetterbox.Box4
com/fju/box/BoxThree.java
 com.fju.box.BoxThree
com/fju/inter/ConstellationReporter.java
 com.fju.inter.ConstellationReporter
com/fju/cust/CustomerTester.java
 com.fju.cust.CustomerTester
com/fju/stu/Customer.java
 com.fju.stu.Customer
com/fju/stu/Student.java
 com.fju.stu.Student
com/fju/testbetterbox/Box.java
 com.fju.testbetterbox.Box
com/fju/testbetterbox/Box5.java
 com.fju.testbetterbox.Box5
com/fju/box/BoxInterface.java
 com.fju.box.BoxInterface
com/fju/inter/Tester.java
 com.fju.inter.Tester
 com.fju.inter.Tester$1
 com.fju.inter.Tester$2
com/fju/testbetterbox/Box1.java
 com.fju.testbetterbox.Box1
com/fju/stu/HelloWorld.java
 com.fju.stu.HelloWorld
com/fju/collection/ListTester.java
 com.fju.collection.ListTester
com/fju/car/Car.java
 com.fju.car.Car
com/fju/car/Tester.java
 com.fju.car.Tester
